Output:
-------

Starting new simulation on niedz. 19. wrz 2021 at 15:13:28:517

creating netlist... done.
Starting /usr/local/bin/qucsator

project location: 
modules to load: 0
factorycreate.size() is 0
factorycreate has registered:
parsing netlist...
checking netlist...
checker notice, value of `Z' (variable `z_tl13') could be out of range `[0,0.' in `TLIN:Line3'
checker notice, value of `Z' (variable `z_tl13') could be out of range `[0,0.' in `TLIN:Line1'
checker notice, value of `Z' (variable `z_tl24') could be out of range `[0,0.' in `TLIN:Line2'
checker notice, value of `Z' (variable `z_tl24') could be out of range `[0,0.' in `TLIN:Line4'
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
netlist content
      4 Diode instances
      1 AC instances
      6 C instances
      1 SPfile instances
      1 DC instances
     14 L instances
      4 TLIN instances
      2 Pac instances
      1 SUBST instances
      2 SW instances
      1 Vdc instances
creating netlist...
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `phase_shift' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `in.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `out.v' in equation `attenuation' not yet defined

Simulation ended on niedz. 19. wrz 2021 at 15:13:28:944
Ready.



Errors and Warnings:
--------------------

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

line 3409: no trailing end-of-line found, continuing...

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'

WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB1.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB3.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB2.D1'
WARNING: Unphysical model parameter M = 3.1 in Diode `bby66_02v_sc79.SUB4.D1'
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net0' connected to [X8,C1]
WARNING: DC1: inserted virtual resistance at node `_net1' connected to [X8,C2]

